Introduction
We may terminate or suspend your License to our Services without prior notice or liability for any reason whatsoever, including (but not limited to) if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including (but not limited to) ownership provisions, disclaimers or limitations of obligations or liability, and indemnity.
8. Applicable Law and Venue
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of these Terms, and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of France, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
9. Links to other web site
We do not accept any liability for external content made available by links to third-party websites whose content we do not control.
Users are responsible for reading and accepting the terms and conditions or privacy policies of these third-party websites.
For any illegal, incorrect or incomplete content, as well as any damage resulting from the use or non-observation of information, only the owner of the site to which the link refers is responsible.
10. Social Media Disclaimer
We ask that you’re respectful in your comments. We reserve the right to remove anything we deem :
Abusive or personal attacks
Material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other entity
Third party advertising
Chain letters or ‘spam’
We also reserve the right to terminate involvement by users who post such content.
The views and opinions expressed on Lillup's social media sites do not necessarily represent those of Lillup. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy or reliability of information posted by external parties.
For your safety, never include your phone number, email, address or other personal information in a post. Your comments are visible to all.
As well as the above, it’s also worth taking note of the social network’s terms of use.
• The information and data contained on the Social Networks are purely informative and shall not bind Lillup. The Social Networks and the data and information it contains are subject to unilateral modification by Lillup at any time and without any notice. The economic and financial data, as well as past and future performance indicators, contained herein are purely informative. They do not constitute reliable indicators for any future performance and Lillup does not guarantee their accuracy, reliability or completeness. Certain information and estimates contained herein have been obtained from public sources or third parties and their accuracy and completeness have not been verified.
• The present data and information on the Social Networks does not constitute an offer to enter into any kind of contractual relationship within the meaning of the French Civil Code.
• The present data and information on the Social Networks does not constitute or contain any investment advice or recommendation, nor any other advice, including any legal, financial, economic, accounting or tax advice. Before making an investment decision, each person shall carry out its own and independent due diligence, if necessary with the assistance of its own advisors, relative to the activity, operations and perspectives that are offered to it, as the case may be, as well as any risk factors associated with such relevant offers.
• Lillup, as well as any person acting in its name or for its account, may not be held liable, under any circumstances, for any direct or indirect loss or damage resulting from or related to the use of the present data and information on the Social Networks.
• Each person receiving the data and information on the Social Networks expressly and unconditionally acknowledges and accepts the present disclaimer. The present disclaimer shall be read and interpreted according to the French laws and regulations exclusively.
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us on the email address ampersand@lillup.com
